Add a trlx example (#269)
mosaicml/examples: examples/trlx/README.md

# TRLX on the Mosaic Platform

[The Mosaic platform](https://www.mosaicml.com/blog/mosaicml-cloud-demo) enables easy training of distributed machine learning (ML) jobs. In this folder, we provide an example of how to run [TRLX](https://github.com/CarperAI/trlx), CarperAI's distributed training library for training large language models with reinforcement learning.

You’ll find in this folder:
- `single_node.yaml` - a yaml to run a single-node TRLX training job on the Mosaic platform.
- `multi_node.yaml` - a yaml to run a multi-node TRLX training job on the Mosaic platform.

## Prerequisites

> All you will need to get started is a docker image (we recommend `mosaicml/pytorch:1.13.1_cu117-python3.10-ubuntu20.04`)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All you will need to get started is a Docker image (we recommend `mosaicml/pytorch:1.13.1_cu117-python3.10-ubuntu20.04`)!
```

## Starting Training

> For this example, we will be running the [`simulacra`](https://github.com/CarperAI/trlx/blob/main/examples/simulacra.py) example from TRLX. We include the `.yaml` files required to run single or multi-node TRLX on the Mosaic platform. You just need to fill in the `cluster` field in the `.yaml` files. The provided yamls use either 8 or 16 GPUs, but all you have to do to use more is change the `gpu_num` field, and modify the `--num_processes` and `--num_machines` arguments to the `accelerate launch` command. See the [TRLX README](https://github.com/CarperAI/trlx/blob/main/README.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, we will be running the [`simulacra`](https://github.com/CarperAI/trlx/blob/main/examples/simulacra.py) example from TRLX. We include the [MCLI YAML](https://mcli.docs.mosaicml.com/en/latest/main_concepts/yaml_schema.html) configs required to run single or multi-node TRLX on the MosaicML platform. You just need to fill in the `cluster` field in the YAML files. The provided YAMLs use either 8 or 16 GPUs, but all you have to do to use more is change the `gpu_num` field, and modify the `--num_processes` and `--num_machines` arguments to the `accelerate launch` command. See the [TRLX README](https://github.com/CarperAI/trlx/blob/main/README.md) for more information.
```
